---
layout: post
title: Clerk
date: 2022-09-23
category: jobs
---

Are you super organised and able to maintain confidentiality, given the wide range of personal data and safeguarding requirements needed? Can you organise meetings, take minutes and keep everyone informed? Are you comfortable with the digital world, in terms of records and their access?

CRRC needs a Clerk to provide clerical services for both the Board and the Committee. This could be a job-share role.  This is a busy environment with a multitude of activity occurring daily, operated by our volunteers who are committed, energetic and responsive.  Would that describe you too?

## Who is CRRC, what do we do?

Cambridge Refugee Resettlement Campaign is a registered charity that depends on local volunteers to respond to the needs of refugees housed in our area.  New families arrive at short notice, requiring immediate help, which can be ongoing for several years.

CRRC requires its trustees to make sound plans, decisions and evaluations to determine what it does, how, for and with whom, and with what effect.

An executive Committee comprises lead volunteers (some of whom are also trustees) who coordinate and provide day-to-day help and support directly to each family or individual.

## What to do next if this appeals:
For a full description of the role and to speak with one of our trustees about it, please [contact us](/contact.html).

Applications are done online and we conduct interviews. Once someone is chosen, they will need to have a DBS check, and will then have an induction and be introduced to the most relevant people to get started.

We’d love to hear from you.
